["Our Mission Shaping the world for difference.\u2122 In the United States, 1 in 5 people have learning and thinking differences, like dyslexia and ADHD, and 1 in 4 adults have some type of disability. For many of these people, the world can feel like it\u2019s built for a normal that doesn\u2019t include them. Helpful resources and supportive communities can be hard to find, making everyday life even more difficult. We\u2019re here to change that by connecting the people who face these challenges, and those who champion them, to resources, expertise, and communities that bolster confidence. Because with the right tools and support, people who learn and think differently will have a greater ability and opportunity to thrive. Our Families, Educators, and Young Adults programs were created to serve the millions of people in the United States who learn and think differently, and our Workplace Initiative serves the 15 million working-age Americans with disabilities. We\u2019re dedicated to growing and shaping a world where everyone who learns and thinks differently feels supported at home, at school, and at work; a world where people with all types of disabilities have the opportunity to enjoy meaningful careers; a world where more communities embrace differences. Because differences make the world worth exploring. Differences define who we are. Differences are our greatest strength. What are learning and thinking differences? Learning and thinking differences are variations in how the brain processes information and can affect reading, writing, math, focus, and following directions. We define these differences, like dyslexia and ADHD, as lifelong; unrelated to intelligence; causing delays in developing communication or learning skills; and diagnosable or identifiable by a professional. Accessibility Statement Respecting and understanding differences is at the core of our mission, what we do, and how we do it. We\u2019re passionate about and dedicated to ensuring that our site is usable to everyone everywhere\u2014regardless of ability, situation, or context. And, more importantly, this work encourages us to put what we preach into practice: Not only do more people benefit by making our site more inclusive, but our site is better because of it. While we\u2019re still early in our journey, we\u2019re excited by the promise to make our products usable by everyone. We started with a few guiding principles that would make our content accessible and usable to as many users as possible without assumptions on how they may consume it. These principles informed decisions on choosing AMP, our web component framework, and creating Voyager, our design system. We even created a new font, UnderstoodSans, so that certain letters known to be troublesome are more distinguishable and hopefully more readable. Our \u2028principles are: Decrease friction, increase access Prioritize clarity Improve, always Our teams have undergone accessibility training and our site has had an initial audit (where testing was performed both with automatic accessibility testing tools and screen reader users to identify issues). Improvements are in progress and will be ongoing. We are far from done and plan on continuing to evolve our site to make it as accessible as possible. In the meantime, we'd love to hear your thoughts. What kind of information is most helpful to you? How can we all be better advocates in this space? Find us at accessibility@understood.org . If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please use u.org/request Thanks for your patience and support!", "For families Featured articles Managing everyday challenges What If This Is a Lost School Year? (Without Losing the Learning) What if this is a lost school year? Amanda Morin shares how she\u2019s approaching that difficult questio\u2026 Back-to-school Social Distancing Challenges: Tips to Help Kids at School Kids who learn and think differently may have trouble staying 6 feet apart at school. Get tips to he\u2026 Homework and study skills 9 Flexible Thinking Activities for Kids How can you help kids build flexible thinking skills? Try these flexible thinking activities and gam\u2026 Learning at home Distance Learning Helped Me See My Child\u2019s Struggles and What She Needs to Thrive Through distance learning, two essential workers noticed their 6-year-old daughter\u2019s trouble with re\u2026 Learning And Thinking Differences Understanding Dyslexia in Your Child Does your child have dyslexia, or do you think your child might be dyslexic? Explore this guide to d\u2026 A Day in the Life of a Child With Receptive Language Disorder What\u2019s it like to have receptive language disorder? See a day in the life of a child and examples of\u2026 Understanding Your Child\u2019s Trouble With Focus Lots of kids have trouble with focus and concentration. Find out why some children have difficulty f\u2026 When Do Kids Learn to Read? When do children learn how to read? Find out at what age kids learn to read and what to do if your c\u2026 More Like This In It: A podcast on raising kids who learn and think differently Discover In It , a podcast that explores the joys and frustrations of raising kids who learn and think differently. Listen School And Learning Parent-Teacher Conferences During COVID: 10 Things to Know Parent-teacher conferences will be different this year. Here's what to keep in mind as you prepare f\u2026 8 Ways Distance Learning Makes It Harder to Focus Distance learning can be extra hard for students who struggle with focus. Here are eight focus chall\u2026 School Refusal: What It Means When Kids Won\u2019t Do Schoolwork Does your child refuse to do schoolwork? School refusal is different from complaining about or avoid\u2026 The Difference Between IEP Meetings and Parent-Teacher Conferences What's the difference between IEP meetings and parent-teacher conferences? This chart sums up the di\u2026 More Like This Friends And Feelings Is Your Child Acting Out? Why It Might Happen Do you wonder \"why is my child acting out?\" From changes in routines to trouble with self-control, t\u2026 5 Reasons Why Kids Get Anxious About Reading\u2014and How to Help Learn why reading makes some kids anxious and how to ease reading anxiety in children. Find out why \u2026 How to Give Praise That Builds Your Child\u2019s Self-Esteem The best type of praise helps kids recognize their own effort. Here's what you can say to praise you\u2026 When Kids Say Negative Things About Themselves: What to Watch Out For Does your child use a lot of negative self-talk, saying things like \"I'm dumb\"? Find out what it can\u2026 More Like This You And Your Family Series How to Build and Celebrate Your Child\u2019s Strengths at Home Use this step-by-step resource to pick up on, build, and celebrate your child's strengths and skills\u2026 No Time to Read to Your Child? 6 Ideas to Try Reading to kids every day is important, but it's not always possible. What if you don't have time to\u2026 ADHD and Coping With Grief: 8 Ways to Help Your Child Kids with ADHD can have more trouble coping with grief than other kids. Here are 8 ways to help your\u2026 Financial Aid and Scholarships for Students Who Learn and Think Differently Not sure how you\u2019ll pay for college? Here\u2019s a handy list of scholarships and financial aid resources\u2026 More Like This", "Empowering educators with tools and resources to help all students thrive. Learn more For educators Top of mind Parent-Teacher Conferences During COVID: 10 Things to Know Parent-teacher conferences will be different this year. Here's what to keep in mind as you prepare f\u2026 Special Education and the Coronavirus: Legal FAQs About IEPs How does the coronavirus impact students with IEPs? Get answers to legal questions about FMLA, remot\u2026 Teacher to Teacher: Let\u2019s Improve How Schools and Families Talk About Race Hear from one educator about how schools can improve their communication with families of color. Lea\u2026 Culturally Responsive Teaching: What You Need to Know Culturally responsive teaching helps create learning environments that validate and reflect the dive\u2026 Perspectives: Talking With Kids About Racial Injustice Get perspectives from a child psychologist, teachers, parents, and young adults on talking with kids\u2026 More Like This Distance learning 7 Steps to Make Teacher Videos More Accessible and Engaging During Distance Learning Learn the seven steps for how to make accessible teacher videos for distance or remote learning. IEP Accommodations During Distance Learning Learn what accomomodations can look like during distance learning for students who receive special e\u2026 5 Reasons Students Aren\u2019t Engaging in Distance Learning Are some of your students not engaging in distance learning? Learn about barriers to student engagem\u2026 How I\u2019m Leading Remote IEP Meetings Read how one teacher is leading remote IEP meetings during school closures. Learn tips for getting s\u2026 Teacher Videos: 5 Reasons Why Making Your Own Videos Can Help With Distance Learning Learn why it\u2019s helpful to make pre-recorded videos for your students during distance learning. More Like This Understanding differences What Are Learning and Thinking Differences? Learning and thinking differences are lifelong challenges that impact skills like reading, math, and\u2026 IEP Accommodations During Distance Learning Learn what accomomodations can look like during distance learning for students who receive special e\u2026 How to Read an IEP: 5 Things Teachers Should Look for Learn five tips for how to read an IEP as a general education teacher. How I\u2019m Leading Remote IEP Meetings Read how one teacher is leading remote IEP meetings during school closures. Learn tips for getting s\u2026 5 Myths About English Language Learners (ELLs) and Special Education Learn about the myths and misconceptions around services and supports for ELLs.\u00a0The result will be a\u2026 More Like This Partnering with families Parent-Teacher Conferences During COVID: 10 Things to Know Parent-teacher conferences will be different this year. Here's what to keep in mind as you prepare f\u2026 How to Begin Positive Relationships With Families: 8 Tips to Try Learn how to build positive relationships with your students\u2019 parents and caregivers. Explore eight \u2026 Printable: Back-to-School Update to Learn From Families Download this PDF to learn more about your students and their families at the beginning of the schoo\u2026 Teacher to Teacher: Let\u2019s Improve How Schools and Families Talk About Race Hear from one educator about how schools can improve their communication with families of color. Lea\u2026 Having Difficult Conversations With Families: A Teacher\u2019s Guide Learn how to have difficult conversations with parents. See how teachers can raise behavioral or aca\u2026 More Like This Connecting with students Teacher to Teacher: How Racial Identity Work Makes Us Better Advocates for Our Students Learn why it\u2019s important for educators to reflect on racial identity. Read one teacher\u2019s story and g\u2026 5 Myths About Social-Emotional Learning Learn why social-emotional skills are essential skills for thriving in school and beyond. Empathetic Sentence Starters for Teachers It can be hard to find the right words to say in stressful moments with students. Here are some empa\u2026 5 Reasons Students Aren\u2019t Engaging in Distance Learning Are some of your students not engaging in distance learning? Learn about barriers to student engagem\u2026 Building Positive Relationships With Students: What Brain Science Says Brain science tells us why positive student relationships can lead to their success. More Like This More topics Explore more topics Collaborating with colleagues Teaching strategies Big ideas Classroom management Back-to-school 2020 Top Of Mind Parent-Teacher Conferences During COVID: 10 Things to Know Parent-teacher conferences will be different this year. Here's what to keep in mind as you prepare f\u2026 Special Education and the Coronavirus: Legal FAQs About IEPs How does the coronavirus impact students with IEPs? Get answers to legal questions about FMLA, remot\u2026 Teacher to Teacher: Let\u2019s Improve How Schools and Families Talk About Race Hear from one educator about how schools can improve their communication with families of color. Lea\u2026 More Like This Distance Learning 7 Steps to Make Teacher Videos More Accessible and Engaging During Distance Learning Learn the seven steps for how to make accessible teacher videos for distance or remote learning. IEP Accommodations During Distance Learning Learn what accomomodations can look like during distance learning for students who receive special e\u2026 5 Reasons Students Aren\u2019t Engaging in Distance Learning Are some of your students not engaging in distance learning? Learn about barriers to student engagem\u2026 More Like This Understanding Differences What Are Learning and Thinking Differences? Learning and thinking differences are lifelong challenges that impact skills like reading, math, and\u2026 IEP Accommodations During Distance Learning Learn what accomomodations can look like during distance learning for students who receive special e\u2026 How to Read an IEP: 5 Things Teachers Should Look for Learn five tips for how to read an IEP as a general education teacher. More Like This Partnering With Families Parent-Teacher Conferences During COVID: 10 Things to Know Parent-teacher conferences will be different this year. Here's what to keep in mind as you prepare f\u2026 How to Begin Positive Relationships With Families: 8 Tips to Try Learn how to build positive relationships with your students\u2019 parents and caregivers. Explore eight \u2026 Printable: Back-to-School Update to Learn From Families Download this PDF to learn more about your students and their families at the beginning of the schoo\u2026 More Like This Connecting With Students Teacher to Teacher: How Racial Identity Work Makes Us Better Advocates for Our Students Learn why it\u2019s important for educators to reflect on racial identity. Read one teacher\u2019s story and g\u2026 5 Myths About Social-Emotional Learning Learn why social-emotional skills are essential skills for thriving in school and beyond. Empathetic Sentence Starters for Teachers It can be hard to find the right words to say in stressful moments with students. Here are some empa\u2026 More Like This Collaborating With Colleagues 6 Models of Co-Teaching Learn about team teaching and other co-teaching models. Explore the benefits and challenges of each \u2026 Teacher to Teacher: How I Help Students See Support Staff as Teachers Learn how one teacher helps her students see paraprofessionals, specialists, and other support staff\u2026 Paraprofessionals: What You Need to Know Paraprofessionals work alongside teachers to support students and learning in the classroom. Learn m\u2026 More Like This Teaching Strategies Sight Words: An Evidence-Based Literacy Strategy Use this strategy to teach sight words to struggling readers. Spelling Irregular Words: An Evidence-Based Literacy Strategy Spelling irregular words can be hard. Use this spelling strategy to teach students how to spell word\u2026 Counting With Manipulatives to Learn Addition: An Evidence-Based Math Strategy Learn how counting with manipulatives can help students learn addition. Read how to teach the \"count\u2026 More Like This Big Ideas Video: See UDL in Action in the Classroom What does UDL look like in the classroom? Watch a video to see how one teacher uses UDL with his stu\u2026 Trauma-Informed Teaching: What You Need to Know Learn what trauma is and how it affects teaching and learning. Get tips for using trauma-informed te\u2026 Culturally Responsive Teaching: What You Need to Know Culturally responsive teaching helps create learning environments that validate and reflect the dive\u2026 More Like This Classroom Management 19 Brain Breaks for Distance Learning and Socially Distanced Classrooms Use this list of fun brain breaks and games to use during distance learning or in the classroom. How to Teach New Classroom Routines During COVID-19 Learn how to introduce students to new classroom routines to keep them safe during COVID. Understanding Behavior as Communication: A Teacher\u2019s Guide Understanding that behavior is a form of communication can help teachers reframe what they\u2019re seeing\u2026 More Like This Back-To-School 2020 Dear Families and Educators: Why Parent-Teacher Communication Is More Important Than Ever Our communication is key to helping our kids thrive. Series Back-to-School Concerns About Your Child: How to Act on Them Prepare your child for back-to-school 2020. Learn about common worries, back-to-school anxiety, and \u2026 Series Back-to-School for Educators: Start With Relationships Explore these resources to learn about building relationships this school year. Download a printable\u2026 More Like This Videos: Teaching in action See UDL in Action in the Classroom Video Fraction Number Line: An Evidence-Based Math Strategy Video Elkonin Sound Boxes: An Evidence-Based Literacy Strategy Video Featured printables Free printable resources for you and your students Student questionnaire (Grades K\u20135) When-then sentences Step-by-step: UDL lesson design More downloads", "For the workplace Featured articles Training and business solutions Disability inclusion training and solutions Get free training resources and tailored business solutions for your company\u2019s disability inclusion \u2026 Disability inclusion at work What\u2019s intersectionality in the workplace? Talk of intersectionality in the workplace is becoming more common. But what is it, and why is it so\u2026 For employees and job seekers 3 big myths (and truths) about workplace accommodations There are lots of myths about workplace accommodations for people with disabilities. Learn the facts\u2026 Rights at work FAQ: The Americans with Disabilities Act at work Who\u2019s protected by the ADA? What\u2019s the definition of disability? Learn the facts about your rights a\u2026 Training And Business Solutions Disability inclusion training and solutions Get free training resources and tailored business solutions for your company\u2019s disability inclusion \u2026 Disability inclusion: Free professional development certificate for HR professionals If you\u2019re looking for professional development, get this free certificate in workplace disability in\u2026 Disability inclusion business solutions Build a more diverse workforce with our team of disability employment experts. Join Understood's Inc\u2026 The strategy that\u2019s made my business stronger The basic principles of disability inclusion have strengthened our business across the board. More Like This Disability Inclusion At Work What\u2019s intersectionality in the workplace? Talk of intersectionality in the workplace is becoming more common. But what is it, and why is it so\u2026 What inclusive leadership looks like\u00a0\u2014 and how to practice it Learn about inclusive leadership traits. Develop an action plan to become a more inclusive leader. 5 tips on building intersectionality at work Learn how to build a more inclusive workplace with intersectionality examples and expert tips. Disability inclusion: 5 ways to make the case to management Convincing management to buy in to your inclusion initiative is an important factor in its success. More Like This Rights At Work FAQ: The Americans with Disabilities Act at work Who\u2019s protected by the ADA? What\u2019s the definition of disability? Learn the facts about your rights a\u2026 The ADA in 2020: 4 ways your company can look to the future The Americans with Disabilities Act turns 30 years old in 2020. How can your workplace look to the f\u2026 Beyond ADA compliance: 4 ways to propel your business forward The requirements are a good start, but you can\u2019t afford to stop there. Here are four ways to improve\u2026 Preguntas frecuentes sobre la La Ley para Estadounidenses con Discapacidades en el trabajo \u00bfA qui\u00e9nes protege la ley ADA? \u00bfCu\u00e1l es la definici\u00f3n de discapacidad? Conozca sus derechos laborale\u2026 More Like This For Employees And Job Seekers 3 big myths (and truths) about workplace accommodations There are lots of myths about workplace accommodations for people with disabilities. Learn the facts\u2026 How to ask for COVID-19 accommodations at work Lots of people are wondering how to ask for accommodations due to COVID-19 at work. Here are some ti\u2026 9 interview questions for job seekers to ask about COVID-19 Here are some interview questions you can ask about COVID-19 job safety. Get the information to make\u2026 3 ways you can help co-workers feel supported at work There\u2019s a lot that any employee can do to help co-workers with disabilities feel included and welcom\u2026 More Like This Coronavirus Resources 5 myths \u2014 and facts \u2014 about working from home The coronavirus pandemic has shown that working from home is possible. Learn the facts and myths abo\u2026 Coronavirus at Work: FAQs Around Disabilities Get answers to coronavirus FAQs around disabilities at work. Find out how the Americans with Disabil\u2026 How to write a work-from-home policy that works Get tips and ideas for writing or updating your work-from-home policy. 5 things workplace inclusion looks like now \u2014 that it didn\u2019t before the coronavirus pandemic The coronavirus pandemic is a global disaster, but it\u2019s prompted businesses to adopt some more inclu\u2026 More Like This Recruitment 8 inclusive ways to rethink your interview strategy for people with disabilities Traditional interviewing can work against job seekers with disabilities \u2014 and make companies miss ou\u2026 Rethinking \u201cessential functions\u201d: 5\u00a0ways to make job descriptions more inclusive Find out mistakes employers make when determining essential functions, and learn ways to write more \u2026 How disability employment services can help with COVID-19 hiring Disability employment services can help you find the right employees during the COVID-19 pandemic. FAQs: How will the hiring process change due to COVID-19? The hiring process might never look the same. Here are some of the changes we could see due to COVID\u2026 More Like This"]